Installed Packages
BackupPC.x86_64                                      4.4.0-10.fc39                        @fedora                
BackupPC-XS.x86_64                                   0.62-13.fc39                         @fedora                
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:7.1.1.26-2.fc39                    @updates               
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:7.1.1.26-2.fc39                    @updates               
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.21.2-2.fc39                        @updates               
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.20.6-3.fc39                        @fedora                
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.20.6-3.fc39                        @fedora                
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.44.2-1.fc39                      @updates               
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.44.2-1.fc39                      @updates               
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.44.2-1.fc39                      @updates               
NetworkManager-l2tp.x86_64                           1.20.10-2.fc39                       @fedora                
NetworkManager-l2tp-gnome.x86_64                     1.20.10-2.fc39                       @fedora                
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.44.2-1.fc39                      @updates               
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                      1.2.16-4.fc39                        @fedora                
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.10-2.fc39                        @fedora                
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64              1.2.10-2.fc39                        @fedora                
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.10.2-3.fc39                      @fedora                
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.10.2-3.fc39                      @fedora                
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.44.2-1.fc39                      @updates               
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.12-3.fc39                      @fedora                
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.12-3.fc39                      @fedora                
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                            1.2.12-5.fc38                        @fedora                
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                      1.2.12-5.fc38                        @fedora                
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.44.2-1.fc39                      @updates               
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                           1:1.2.8-4.fc39                       @fedora                
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.8-4.fc39                       @fedora                
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.44.2-1.fc39                      @updates               
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.44.2-1.fc39                      @updates               
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.6-11.fc39                        @fedora                
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.2.6-11.fc39                        @fedora                
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.6-11.fc39                        @fedora                
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.6-11.fc39                        @fedora                
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                        1.2.6-11.fc39                        @fedora                
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.28.5-1.fc39                        @updates               
SDL2_image.x86_64                                    2.8.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                  1.10.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-10.fc39                        @fedora                
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-10.fc39                        @fedora                
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                    20230802.1-1.fc39                    @fedora                
accountsservice.x86_64                               23.13.9-2.fc39                       @fedora                
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          23.13.9-2.fc39                       @fedora                
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.1-9.fc39                         @updates               
adcli.x86_64                                         0.9.2-3.fc39                         @fedora                
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20230622-1.fc39                      @fedora                
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20230622-1.fc39                      @fedora                
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-5.fc39                      @fedora                
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.042.1.062.1.026-2.fc39             @fedora                
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-17.fc39                         @fedora                
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.11-2.fc39                        @updates               
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2023.12.1-1.fc39                     @updates               
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.11-2.fc39                        @updates               
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.11-1.fc39                        @updates               
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.26-1.fc39                          @updates               
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
amd-ucode-firmware.noarch                            20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 39.32.6-2.fc39                       @fedora                
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  39.32.6-2.fc39                       @fedora                
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  39.32.6-2.fc39                       @fedora                
anaconda-user-help.noarch                            26.2-6.fc39                          @fedora                
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              39.32.6-2.fc39                       @fedora                
annobin-docs.noarch                                  12.42-1.fc39                         @updates               
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                            12.42-1.fc39                         @updates               
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-12.fc39                            @updates               
appstream.x86_64                                     0.16.1-4.fc39                        @fedora                
appstream-data.noarch                                39-7.fc39                            @updates               
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.3-2.fc39                         @fedora                
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.3-4.fc39                         @fedora                
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                  1.6.3-4.fc39                         @fedora                
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.3-4.fc39                         @fedora                
at.x86_64                                            3.2.5-7.fc39                         @fedora                
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.50.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.50.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
atk.x86_64                                           2.50.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.3-3.fc39                        @fedora                
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.1-8.fc39                         @fedora                
audit.x86_64                                         3.1.2-8.fc39                         @updates               
audit-libs.x86_64                                    3.1.2-8.fc39                         @updates               
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.13.0-5.fc39                        @fedora                
authselect.x86_64                                    1.4.3-1.fc39                         @fedora                
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.4.3-1.fc39                         @fedora                
autoconf.noarch                                      2.71-6.fc39                          @fedora                
automake.noarch                                      1.16.5-13.fc39                       @fedora                
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-24.fc39                          @fedora                
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-24.fc39                          @fedora                
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.8-24.fc39                          @fedora                
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-24.fc39                          @fedora                
avif-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.11.1-11.fc39                       @fedora                
awesome.x86_64                                       4.3-14.fc39                          @fedora                
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-24.fc39                          @fedora                
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-30.fc38                          @fedora                
baobab.x86_64                                        45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
basesystem.noarch                                    11-18.fc39                           @fedora                
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.26-1.fc39                        @updates               
bash-color-prompt.noarch                             0.4-1.fc39                           @updates               
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-12.fc39                       @fedora                
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-19.fc39                       @fedora                
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.24-1.fc39                    @updates               
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.18.24-1.fc39                    @updates               
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.24-1.fc39                    @updates               
binutils.x86_64                                      2.40-14.fc39                         @updates               
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.40-14.fc39                         @updates               
bison.x86_64                                         3.8.2-5.fc39                         @fedora                
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.8.2-1.fc39                       @updates               
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.5.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
bluez.x86_64                                         5.72-1.fc39                          @updates               
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.72-1.fc39                          @updates               
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.72-1.fc39                          @updates               
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.6-2.fc39                         @updates               
bonnie++.x86_64                                      2.00a-8.fc39                         @fedora                
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.81.0-8.fc39                        @fedora                
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.81.0-8.fc39                        @fedora                
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.81.0-8.fc39                        @fedora                
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.81.0-8.fc39                        @fedora                
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.81.0-8.fc39                        @fedora                
botan2.x86_64                                        2.19.3-5.fc39                        @fedora                
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.5-9.fc39                         @updates               
brltty.x86_64                                        6.6-9.fc39                           @updates               
btop.x86_64                                          1.3.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.7.1-1.fc39                         @updates               
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.8.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
byacc.x86_64                                         2.0.20230521-1.fc39                  @fedora                
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-16.fc39                        @fedora                
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-16.fc39                        @fedora                
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.25.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
ca-certificates.noarch                               2023.2.60_v7.0.306-2.fc39            @fedora                
cairo.x86_64                                         1.18.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.18.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.5-1.fc39                        @fedora                
capstone.x86_64                                      4.0.2-15.fc39                        @fedora                
catatonit.x86_64                                     0.1.7-18.fc39                        @fedora                
ccache.x86_64                                        4.8.2-2.fc39                         @fedora                
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-42.fc39                         @fedora                
chafa.x86_64                                         1.10.3-5.fc39                        @fedora                
chafa-libs.x86_64                                    1.10.3-5.fc39                        @fedora                
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.5-3.fc39                           @fedora                
cheese.x86_64                                        2:44.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
cheese-libs.x86_64                                   2:44.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.26-1.fc39                          @updates               
chrony.x86_64                                        4.5-1.fc39                           @updates               
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.0-2.fc39                           @fedora                
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               7.0-2.fc39                           @fedora                
cirrus-audio-firmware.noarch                         20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
cjson.x86_64                                         1.7.15-2.fc39                        @fedora                
clang16-libs.x86_64                                  16.0.6-3.fc39                        @fedora                
clang16-resource-filesystem.x86_64                   16.0.6-3.fc39                        @fedora                
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.4-11.fc39                       @fedora                
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                  3.0.27-16.fc39                       @fedora                
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-16.fc39                        @fedora                
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.27.7-1.fc39                        @fedora                
codec2.x86_64                                        1.2.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.8-8.fc39                        @fedora                
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-31.fc39                            @fedora                
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.6-6.fc39                         @fedora                
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                   0.3.0-4.fc39                         @fedora                
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.6-6.fc39                         @fedora                
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5-6.fc39                           @fedora                
conmon.x86_64                                        2:2.1.10-1.fc39                      @updates               
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.230.0-1.fc39                     @updates               
containers-common.noarch                             4:1-99.fc39                          @updates               
containers-common-extra.noarch                       4:1-99.fc39                          @updates               
corectrl.x86_64                                      1.3.11-1.fc39                        @updates               
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.3-5.fc39                           @updates               
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.3-5.fc39                           @updates               
cpio.x86_64                                          2.14-4.fc39                          @fedora                
cpp.x86_64                                           13.2.1-7.fc39                        @updates               
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.11-2.fc39                        @fedora                
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.11-2.fc39                        @fedora                
createrepo_c.x86_64                                  1.0.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                             1.0.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
criu.x86_64                                          3.19-2.fc39                          @updates               
criu-libs.x86_64                                     3.19-2.fc39                          @updates               
cronie.x86_64                                        1.6.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.6.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11-30.20190603git.fc39             @fedora                
crun.x86_64                                          1.14.4-1.fc39                        @updates               
crypto-policies.noarch                               20231204-1.git1e3a2e4.fc39           @updates               
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20231204-1.git1e3a2e4.fc39           @updates               
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.6.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.6.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
cscope.x86_64                                        15.9-19.fc39                         @fedora                
ctags.x86_64                                         6.0.0-3.fc39                         @fedora                
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.7-11.fc39                      @updates               
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.7-4.fc39                         @fedora                
curl.x86_64                                          8.2.1-4.fc39                         @updates               
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.28-11.fc39                       @fedora                
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.28-11.fc39                       @fedora                
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.28-11.fc39                       @fedora                
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.28-11.fc39                       @fedora                
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   78-1.fc39                            @fedora                
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.10-1.fc39                     @fedora                
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   35-2.fc39                            @updates               
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.10-1.fc39                     @fedora                
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.10-1.fc39                     @fedora                
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.10-1.fc39                     @fedora                
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.10-1.fc39                     @fedora                
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.10-1.fc39                     @fedora                
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-9.fc39                        @fedora                
ddcutil.x86_64                                       2.1.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
debugedit.x86_64                                     5.0-12.fc39                          @updates               
default-editor.noarch                                7.2-4.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-am.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ar.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-as.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ast.noarch                             4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-be.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-bg.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-bn.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-bo.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-br.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-chr.noarch                             4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-cjk-mono.noarch                        4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-cjk-sans.noarch                        4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-cjk-serif.noarch                       4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-core-emoji.noarch                      4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-core-math.noarch                       4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-core-mono.noarch                       4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-core-sans.noarch                       4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-core-serif.noarch                      4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-dv.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-dz.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-el.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-eo.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-eu.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-fa.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-gu.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-he.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-hi.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-hy.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ia.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-iu.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ka.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-km.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-kn.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ku.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-lo.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-mai.noarch                             4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ml.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-mr.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-my.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-nb.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ne.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-nn.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-nr.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-nso.noarch                             4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-or.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-other-mono.noarch                      4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-other-sans.noarch                      4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-other-serif.noarch                     4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-pa.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ru.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-si.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ss.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ta.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-te.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-th.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-tn.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ts.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-uk.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ur.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-ve.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-vi.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-xh.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-yi.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
default-fonts-zu.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                        2.37-20.fc39                         @updates               
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.3-11.fc39                        @fedora                
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                    39.0.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-9.fc39                          @fedora                
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.197-1.fc39                      @updates               
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.197-1.fc39                      @updates               
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.197-1.fc39                      @updates               
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.197-1.fc39                      @updates               
device-mapper-multipath.x86_64                       0.9.5-2.fc39                         @fedora                
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.9.5-2.fc39                         @fedora                
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 1.0.12-1.fc39                        @updates               
dex-autostart.noarch                                 0.9.0-8.fc39                         @fedora                
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-9.P1.fc39                   @fedora                
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-9.P1.fc39                   @fedora                
diffstat.x86_64                                      1.65-3.fc39                          @fedora                
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.10-3.fc39                          @fedora                
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.102-1.fc39                         @updates               
distrobox.noarch                                     1.7.0.1-1.fc39                       @updates               
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.28-5.fc39                        @fedora                
dleyna.x86_64                                        0.8.3-1.fc39                         @fedora                
dleyna-server.x86_64                                 0.8.3-1.fc39                         @fedora                
dmenu.x86_64                                         5.2-3.fc39                           @fedora                
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.5-1.fc39                         @updates               
dnf.noarch                                           4.19.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.19.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.5.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
dnf-utils.noarch                                     4.5.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
dnf5.x86_64                                          5.1.15-1.fc39                        @updates               
dnf5-plugins.x86_64                                  5.1.15-1.fc39                        @updates               
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.90-1.fc39                          @updates               
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.5.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-7.fc39                           @fedora                
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-32.fc39                          @fedora                
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.1.5-9.fc39                         @fedora                
doxygen.x86_64                                       2:1.9.7-3.fc39                       @fedora                
dracut.x86_64                                        059-16.fc39                          @updates               
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          059-16.fc39                          @updates               
drpm.x86_64                                          0.5.2-3.fc39                         @fedora                
duktape.x86_64                                       2.7.0-5.fc39                         @fedora                
dwz.x86_64                                           0.15-3.fc39                          @fedora                
dyninst.x86_64                                       12.3.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.47.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.47.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
ed.x86_64                                            1.19-4.fc39                          @fedora                
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                             0.12.6-2.fc39                        @fedora                
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20240214-2.fc39                      @updates               
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-9.fc39                             @fedora                
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               5-9.fc39                             @fedora                
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    18-4.fc39                            @fedora                
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   39-1.fc39                            @updates               
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.191-2.fc39                         @updates               
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.191-2.fc39                         @updates               
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64              0.191-2.fc39                         @updates               
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.191-2.fc39                         @updates               
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                0.191-2.fc39                         @updates               
elfutils-libelf.i686                                 0.191-2.fc39                         @updates               
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.191-2.fc39                         @updates               
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.191-2.fc39                         @updates               
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.191-2.fc39                         @updates               
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:29.2-2.fc39                        @updates               
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.5.0-5.fc39                         @fedora                
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                              1:45.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
esmtp.x86_64                                         1.2-22.fc39                          @fedora                
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.51.1-6.fc39                        @updates               
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.7-1.fc39                         @updates               
evince.x86_64                                        45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
evince-djvu.x86_64                                   45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
evince-libs.x86_64                                   45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
evince-previewer.x86_64                              45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                            45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.50.4-1.fc39                        @updates               
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.50.4-1.fc39                        @updates               
exempi.x86_64                                        2.6.4-2.fc39                         @fedora                
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.6-5.fc39                        @fedora                
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.6-5.fc39                        @fedora                
expat.i686                                           2.6.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
expat.x86_64                                         2.6.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
f2fs-tools.x86_64                                    1.16.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
f39-backgrounds-base.noarch                          39.0.4-1.fc39                        @fedora                
fakeroot.x86_64                                      1.33-1.fc39                          @updates               
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                 1.33-1.fc39                          @updates               
fastfetch.x86_64                                     2.2.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-11.fc39                        @fedora                
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               39-1                                 @fedora                
fedora-logos.noarch                                  38.1.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                            38.1.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
fedora-release.noarch                                39-36                                @updates               
fedora-release-common.noarch                         39-36                                @updates               
fedora-release-identity-basic.noarch                 39-36                                @updates               
fedora-repos.noarch                                  39-1                                 @fedora                
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-10.fc39                       @updates               
file.x86_64                                          5.44-5.fc39                          @fedora                
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.44-5.fc39                          @fedora                
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-6.fc39                          @fedora                
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.9.0-5.fc39                       @fedora                
firewall-config.noarch                               2.0.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
firewalld.noarch                                     2.0.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          2.0.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.3-2.fc39                         @fedora                
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.3.0-3.fc39                         @fedora                
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.15.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.15.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.15.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.15.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.4-13.fc39                        @fedora                
flite.x86_64                                         2.2-6.fc39                           @fedora                
fltk.x86_64                                          1.3.8-7.fc39                         @fedora                
fmt.x86_64                                           10.0.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
folks.x86_64                                         1:0.15.7-1.fc39                      @updates               
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.14.2-6.fc39                        @updates               
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-12.fc39                      @fedora                
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             1:2.0.5-12.fc39                      @fedora                
forge-srpm-macros.noarch                             0.2.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
fpaste.noarch                                        0.4.5.1-1.fc39                       @updates               
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-8.fc39                           @fedora                
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.2-8.fc39                        @fedora                
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.2-8.fc39                        @fedora                
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.4.0-7.fc39                         @updates               
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:2.11.5-1.fc39                      @updates               
freetype.x86_64                                      2.13.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                2.3.1-2.fc39                         @fedora                
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.13-2.fc39                        @fedora                
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-8.fc39                         @fedora                
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-17.fc39                        @fedora                
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.16.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-17.fc39                        @fedora                
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.13-1.fc39                          @updates               
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.16.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.16.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.9.15-1.fc39                        @updates               
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.4-1.fc38                           @fedora                
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.9.15-1.fc39                        @updates               
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.9.15-1.fc39                        @updates               
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.9.15-1.fc39                        @updates               
game-music-emu.x86_64                                0.6.3-12.fc39                        @fedora                
gavl.x86_64                                          1.4.0-24.fc39                        @fedora                
gawk.x86_64                                          5.2.2-2.fc39                         @fedora                
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.2.2-2.fc39                         @fedora                
gc.x86_64                                            8.2.2-4.fc39                         @fedora                
gcc.x86_64                                           13.2.1-7.fc39                        @updates               
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       13.2.1-7.fc39                        @updates               
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                            13.2.1-7.fc39                        @updates               
gcr.x86_64                                           4.1.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
gcr-libs.x86_64                                      4.1.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
gcr3.x86_64                                          3.41.1-6.fc39                        @fedora                
gcr3-base.x86_64                                     3.41.1-6.fc39                        @fedora                
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-12.fc39                        @fedora                
gdb.x86_64                                           14.1-4.fc39                          @updates               
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  14.1-4.fc39                          @updates               
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.23-4.fc39                        @fedora                
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.10-5.fc39                       @fedora                
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.10-5.fc39                       @fedora                
gdm.x86_64                                           1:45.0.1-4.fc39                      @fedora                
genisoimage.x86_64                                   1.1.11-52.fc39                       @fedora                
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.7.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.7.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
geocode-glib.x86_64                                  3.26.4-8.fc39                        @fedora                
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-10.fc39                     @fedora                
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-10.fc39                     @fedora                
gettext.x86_64                                       0.22-2.fc39                          @fedora                
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                              0.22-2.fc39                          @fedora                
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.22-2.fc39                          @fedora                
gettext-runtime.x86_64                               0.22-2.fc39                          @fedora                
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.6.1-2.fc39                         @fedora                
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
git.x86_64                                           2.44.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
git-core.x86_64                                      2.44.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.44.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
gjs.x86_64                                           1.78.3-2.fc39                        @updates               
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.78.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                
glib2.x86_64                                         2.78.3-1.fc39                        @updates               
glibc.i686                                           2.38-16.fc39                         @updates               
glibc.x86_64                                         2.38-16.fc39                         @updates               
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.38-16.fc39                         @updates               
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.38-16.fc39                         @updates               
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                               2.38-16.fc39                         @updates               
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.38-16.fc39                         @updates               
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                             2.38-16.fc39                         @updates               
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                             2.38-16.fc39                         @updates               
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                     2.66.6-2.fc39                        @fedora                
glusterfs.x86_64                                     11.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 11.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      11.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                11.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
glx-utils.x86_64                                     9.0.0-3.fc39                         @fedora                
glycin-loaders.x86_64                                0.1.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.2.1-5.fc39                       @fedora                
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                              6-3.fc39                             @fedora                
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.4.4-2.fc39                         @fedora                
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:42.8-1.fc39                        @updates               
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:42.8-1.fc39                        @updates               
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                       42.1-4.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-calculator.x86_64                              45.0.2-1.fc39                        @fedora                
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                45.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-characters.x86_64                              45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         45.2-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                  45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.36.0-10.fc39                       @fedora                
gnome-connections.x86_64                             45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          45.3-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               45.3-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                44.0-7.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                44.0-7.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            45.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-extensions-app.x86_64                          45.3-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                             45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                           45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 42.1-5.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             42.1-5.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-logs.x86_64                                    45~beta-1.fc39                       @fedora                
gnome-maps.x86_64                                    45.4-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-menus.x86_64                                   3.36.0-9.fc39                        @fedora                
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.48.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          45.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-session.x86_64                                 45.0-3.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 45.0-3.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        45.0-3.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         45.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   45.5-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               45.2-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  45.2-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     45.2-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             45.2-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             45.2-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-software.x86_64                                45.3-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                          45.0.2-1.fc39                        @fedora                
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                3.50.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                       3.50.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                             45.3-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                            3.28-17.fc39                         @fedora                
gnome-tour.x86_64                                    45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                  45.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               45.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
gnome-user-share.x86_64                              43.0-3.fc39                          @fedora                
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.6.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
gnome-weather.noarch                                 45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.4.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.4.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.8.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.8.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.8.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.4.0-2.fc39                         @updates               
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.78.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
gom.x86_64                                           0.4-12.fc39                          @fedora                
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-17.fc39                     @fedora                
google-noto-color-emoji-fonts.noarch                 20220916-7.fc39                      @fedora                
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                 1:2.004-5.fc39                       @updates               
google-noto-sans-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch          20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch               20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch            1:2.004-5.fc39                       @updates               
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch               20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-symbols-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-symbols2-fonts.noarch               20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch               20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                1:2.002-2.fc39                       @updates               
google-noto-serif-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch         20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch           20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch           20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-thai-vf-fonts.noarch               20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20240101-1.fc39                      @updates               
gperftools-libs.x86_64                               2.9.1-6.fc39                         @fedora                
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.20.0-5.fc39                        @fedora                
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-6.fc39                        @fedora                
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-12.fc39                       @fedora                
graphviz.x86_64                                      8.1.0-6.fc39                         @updates               
grep.x86_64                                          3.11-3.fc39                          @fedora                
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.16-2.fc39                        @fedora                
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                 0.3.16-2.fc39                        @fedora                
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.23.0-3.fc39                        @updates               
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-118.fc39                      @updates               
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.06-118.fc39                      @updates               
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.06-118.fc39                      @updates               
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.06-118.fc39                      @updates               
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.06-118.fc39                      @updates               
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-73.fc39                         @updates               
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.22-3.fc39                        @fedora                
gsound.x86_64                                        1.0.3-6.fc39                         @fedora                
gspell.x86_64                                        1.12.2-1.fc39                        @fedora                
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.6.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.9.1-6.fc39                         @fedora                
gst-editing-services.x86_64                          1.22.5-1.fc39                        @fedora                
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.22.9-1.fc39                        @updates               
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                       1.22.9-1.fc39                        @updates               
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                    1.22.7-1.fc39                        @fedora-cisco-openh264 
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.22.9-1.fc39                        @updates               
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-libs.x86_64              1.22.9-1.fc39                        @updates               
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.22.9-1.fc39                        @updates               
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.22.9-3.fc39                        @updates               
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.22.9-3.fc39                        @updates               
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.22.9-3.fc39                        @updates               
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.22.9-1.fc39                        @updates               
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.41-1.fc39                       @updates               
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      1.3.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-15.fc39                      @fedora                
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.41-1.fc39                       @updates               
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.12.5-1.fc39                        @updates               
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                      3.24.8-1.fc39                        @fedora                
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.4-3.fc39                         @fedora                
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                5.10.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-46.20121130.fc39               @fedora                
guile22.x86_64                                       2.2.7-9.fc39                         @fedora                
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.6.6-1.fc39                         @updates               
gupnp-av.x86_64                                      0.14.1-4.fc39                        @fedora                
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                    0.12.0-5.fc39                        @fedora                
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.6.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.52.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                      1.52.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                      1.52.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                  1.52.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.52.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                     1.52.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.52.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                  1.52.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.52.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                      1.52.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
gvisor-tap-vsock.x86_64                              6:0.7.3-1.fc39                       @updates               
gvisor-tap-vsock-gvforwarder.x86_64                  6:0.7.3-1.fc39                       @updates               
gvnc.x86_64                                          1.3.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
gvncpulse.x86_64                                     1.3.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
gzip.x86_64                                          1.12-6.fc39                          @fedora                
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      8.2.1-2.fc39                         @fedora                
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  8.2.1-2.fc39                         @fedora                
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-16.fc39                         @fedora                
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-17.fc39                         @fedora                
highway.x86_64                                       1.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
hiredis.x86_64                                       1.0.2-5.fc39                         @fedora                
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-9.fc39                          @fedora                
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.23.12-2.fc39                       @updates               
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.23.12-2.fc39                       @updates               
http-parser.x86_64                                   2.9.4-9.fc39                         @fedora                
httpd.x86_64                                         2.4.58-1.fc39                        @updates               
httpd-core.x86_64                                    2.4.58-1.fc39                        @updates               
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.58-1.fc39                        @updates               
httpd-tools.x86_64                                   2.4.58-1.fc39                        @updates               
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.2-5.fc39                         @fedora                
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20201207-7.fc39                    @fedora                
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20201207-7.fc39                    @fedora                
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20201207-7.fc39                    @fedora                
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.2-5.fc39                         @fedora                
hwdata.noarch                                        0.380-1.fc39                         @updates               
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.42.20220731git.fc39              @fedora                
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.42.20220731git.fc39              @fedora                
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.42.20220731git.fc39              @fedora                
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.42.20220731git.fc39              @fedora                
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.42.20220731git.fc39              @fedora                
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-21.fc39                        @fedora                
i2c-tools.x86_64                                     4.3-7.fc39                           @fedora                
i3.x86_64                                            4.23-1.fc39                          @updates               
i3-config.noarch                                     4.23-1.fc39                          @updates               
i3lock.x86_64                                        2.14.1-4.fc39                        @fedora                
i3status.x86_64                                      2.14-6.fc39                          @fedora                
i3status-config.noarch                               2.14-6.fc39                          @fedora                
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.29-1.fc39                        @updates               
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.29-1.fc39                        @updates               
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.29-1.fc39                        @updates               
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.29-1.fc39                        @updates               
ibus-panel.x86_64                                    1.5.29-1.fc39                        @updates               
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.29-1.fc39                        @updates               
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.5-1.fc39                           @fedora                
ilbc.x86_64                                          3.0.4-7.fc39                         @fedora                
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.5-2.fc39                           @fedora                
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.10-1.fc39                        @updates               
imlib2.x86_64                                        1.11.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                
indent.x86_64                                        2.2.13-6.fc39                        @updates               
inih.x86_64                                          58-1.fc39                            @updates               
initial-setup.x86_64                                 0.3.98-2.fc39                        @fedora                
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                             0.3.98-2.fc39                        @fedora                
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.20-1.fc39                         @updates               
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                     10.20-1.fc39                         @updates               
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.20-1.fc39                         @updates               
intel-audio-firmware.noarch                          20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                23.2.2-2.fc39                        @fedora                
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.3-2.fc39                         @fedora                
ipp-usb.x86_64                                       0.9.24-1.fc39                        @updates               
iproute.x86_64                                       6.4.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    6.4.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
ipset.x86_64                                         7.17-3.fc39                          @fedora                
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.17-3.fc39                          @fedora                
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.9-5.fc39                         @fedora                
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.9-5.fc39                         @fedora                
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.7-3.fc39                         @fedora                
iputils.x86_64                                       20221126-4.fc39                      @fedora                
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20220210-4.git64113751.fc39          @fedora                
irqbalance.x86_64                                    2:1.9.2-2.fc39                       @fedora                
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.9-17.gitc26218d.fc39           @fedora                
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.9-17.gitc26218d.fc39           @fedora                
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-7.fc39                         @fedora                
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.15.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
iw.x86_64                                            5.19-2.fc39                          @fedora                
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                             20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                          20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                          20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                     1.9.22-3.fc39                        @fedora                
jansson.x86_64                                       2.13.1-7.fc39                        @fedora                
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   3.0.6-4.fc39                         @fedora                
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                          2.44.0-2.fc39                        @updates               
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                          2.44.0-2.fc39                        @updates               
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.19-10.fc39                         @fedora                
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-26.fc39                          @fedora                
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.3.0-4.fc39                         @fedora                
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-39.fc39                        @fedora                
jq.x86_64                                            1.6-17.fc39                          @fedora                
js-jquery.noarch                                     3.6.4-2.fc39                         @fedora                
json-c.x86_64                                        0.17-1.fc39                          @fedora                
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.8.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.222-5.fc39                       @fedora                
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             1:0.8.2-3.fc39                       @fedora                
kbd.x86_64                                           2.6.3-1.fc39                         @fedora                
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.6.3-1.fc39                         @fedora                
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.6.3-1.fc39                         @fedora                
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                4-70.fc39                            @fedora                
kernel.x86_64                                        6.7.9-200.fc39                       @updates               
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.7.9-200.fc39                       @updates               
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.7.9-200.fc39                       @updates               
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.7.3-200.fc39                       @updates               
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.7.9-200.fc39                       @updates               
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.7.9-200.fc39                       @updates               
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.7.9-200.fc39                       @updates               
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.0-20.fc39                          @fedora                
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-16.fc39                        @fedora                
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.115.0-1.fc39                       @updates               
kmod.x86_64                                          30-6.fc39                            @fedora                
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     30-6.fc39                            @fedora                
koji.noarch                                          1.34.0-2.fc39                        @updates               
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.9.5-2.fc39                         @fedora                
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.21.2-3.fc39                        @updates               
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.13-31.fc39                         @fedora                
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-15.fc39                        @fedora                
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
langpacks-en.noarch                                  4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
langpacks-fonts-en.noarch                            4.0-9.fc39                           @fedora                
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.65-1.fc39                        @updates               
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-11.fc39                        @fedora                
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.15-2.fc39                          @fedora                
ldc.x86_64                                           1:1.33.0-1.fc39                      @fedora                
ldc-libs.x86_64                                      1:1.33.0-1.fc39                      @fedora                
ldns.x86_64                                          1.8.3-10.fc39                        @updates               
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.83.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                
less.x86_64                                          633-2.fc39                           @fedora                
libICE.x86_64                                        1.0.10-11.fc39                       @fedora                
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.3-13.fc39                        @fedora                
libX11.x86_64                                        1.8.7-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.7-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libX11-xcb.i686                                      1.8.7-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.8.7-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.3-13.fc39                        @fedora                
libXau.i686                                          1.0.11-3.fc39                        @fedora                
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.11-3.fc39                        @fedora                
libXaw.x86_64                                        1.0.14-5.fc39                        @fedora                
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.5-10.fc39                        @fedora                
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.1-4.fc39                         @fedora                
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.5-10.fc39                        @fedora                
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.3-11.fc39                        @fedora                
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.5-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.0-6.fc39                         @fedora                
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.3-15.fc39                        @fedora                
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.8-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8.1-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.5-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.1.4-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.17-1.fc39                        @updates               
libXpresent.x86_64                                   1.0.0-19.fc39                        @fedora                
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.11-3.fc39                        @fedora                
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                
libXt.x86_64                                         1.2.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.4-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.11-19.fc39                       @fedora                
libXvMC.x86_64                                       1.0.13-3.fc39                        @fedora                
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.5-3.fc39                         @fedora                
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-46.fc39                        @fedora                
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.1-9.fc39                         @updates               
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.4.3-2.fc39                         @updates               
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-16.fc39                      @fedora                
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-25.fc39                        @fedora                
libaom.x86_64                                        3.8.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.1-2.fc39                       @fedora                
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.8.2-4.fc39                         @fedora                
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.7.1-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libargon2.x86_64                                     20190702-3.fc39                      @fedora                
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.6-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-25.fc39                          @fedora                
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-26.fc39                         @fedora                
libatomic.x86_64                                     13.2.1-7.fc39                        @updates               
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.1-8.fc39                         @fedora                
libavcodec-free.x86_64                               6.1.1-3.fc39                         @updates               
libavfilter-free.x86_64                              6.1.1-3.fc39                         @updates               
libavformat-free.x86_64                              6.1.1-3.fc39                         @updates               
libavif.x86_64                                       0.11.1-11.fc39                       @fedora                
libavutil-free.x86_64                                6.1.1-3.fc39                         @updates               
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-9.fc39                        @fedora                
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.11-5.fc39                        @fedora                
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-54.fc39                        @fedora                
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.39.3-6.fc39                        @updates               
libblkio.x86_64                                      1.3.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libblockdev.x86_64                                   3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libblockdev-nvme.x86_64                              3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:1.1.0-4.fc39                       @fedora                
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.1.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-31.fc39                        @fedora                
libbsd.x86_64                                        0.11.7-5.fc39                        @fedora                
libburn.x86_64                                       1.5.6-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.10-1.fc39                          @updates               
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.8.1-6.fc39                       @fedora                
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-32.fc39                         @fedora                
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-32.fc39                         @fedora                
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-32.fc39                         @fedora                
libcap.x86_64                                        2.48-9.fc39                          @updates               
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.3-8.fc39                         @fedora                
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.3-8.fc39                         @fedora                
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.10.2-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-10.fc39                        @fedora                
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.1-9.fc39                    @fedora                
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-13.fc39                        @fedora                
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.5-1.fc39                         @updates               
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-54.fc39                        @fedora                
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.47.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.20-1.fc39                        @updates               
libconfig.x86_64                                     1.7.3-6.fc39                         @fedora                
libconfuse.x86_64                                    3.3-10.fc39                          @fedora                
libcue.x86_64                                        2.2.1-13.fc39                        @fedora                
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                               8.2.1-4.fc39                         @updates               
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-26.fc39                         @fedora                
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-7.fc39                        @fedora                
libdav1d.x86_64                                      1.2.1-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-56.fc39                       @fedora                
libdbi.x86_64                                        0.9.0-22.fc39                        @fedora                
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-22.fc39                      @fedora                
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-22.fc39                      @fedora                
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.2.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-54.fc39                        @fedora                
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                               3.9.13-1.fc39                        @fedora                
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.73.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
libdnf5.x86_64                                       5.1.15-1.fc39                        @updates               
libdnf5-cli.x86_64                                   5.1.15-1.fc39                        @updates               
libdovi.x86_64                                       3.2.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libdrm.i686                                          2.4.120-1.fc39                       @updates               
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.120-1.fc39                       @updates               
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-6.fc39                         @fedora                
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-4.fc39                         @fedora                
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.5.2-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libedit.i686                                         3.1-48.20230828cvs.fc39              @fedora                
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-48.20230828cvs.fc39              @fedora                
libei.x86_64                                         1.2.1-1.fc39                         @updates               
libeis.x86_64                                        1.2.1-1.fc39                         @updates               
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-4.fc39                        @fedora                
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-7.fc39                       @fedora                
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-7.fc39                       @fedora                
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-7.fc39                       @fedora                
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-7.fc39                       @fedora                
libertas-firmware.noarch                             20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
libesmtp.x86_64                                      1.0.6-28.fc39                        @fedora                
libestr.x86_64                                       0.1.11-7.fc39                        @fedora                
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-8.fc39                          @fedora                
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-9.fc39                        @fedora                
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.24-5.fc39                        @fedora                
libfastjson.x86_64                                   1.2304.0-2.fc39                      @fedora                
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.39.3-6.fc39                        @updates               
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.7.0-5.fc39                         @updates               
libffado.x86_64                                      2.4.8-1.fc39                         @updates               
libffi.i686                                          3.4.4-4.fc39                         @fedora                
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.4-4.fc39                         @fedora                
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.13.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.6-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.4-10.fc39                          @fedora                
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-10.fc39                          @fedora                
libgcc.i686                                          13.2.1-7.fc39                        @updates               
libgcc.x86_64                                        13.2.1-7.fc39                        @updates               
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.10.2-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.18.1-9.fc39                        @fedora                
libgdither.x86_64                                    0.6-29.fc39                          @fedora                
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.6-3.fc39                        @fedora                
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.14.2-1.fc39                        @fedora                
libgfapi0.x86_64                                     11.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                     11.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                     11.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
libgit2.x86_64                                       1.7.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                 11.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.7.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.7.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.7.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.7.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.28.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                
libgomp.x86_64                                       13.2.1-7.fc39                        @updates               
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.47-2.fc39                          @fedora                
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.31-1.fc39                        @updates               
libgrss.x86_64                                       0.7.0-17.fc39                        @fedora                
libgs.x86_64                                         10.02.1-2.fc39                       @updates               
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.51-1.fc39                       @updates               
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.41.3-1.fc39                        @updates               
libgudev.x86_64                                      238-2.fc39                           @fedora                
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.4.8-1.fc39                         @updates               
libgweather4.x86_64                                  4.4.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.2-6.fc39                         @fedora                
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.8.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
libheif.x86_64                                       1.17.5-1.fc39                        @updates               
libi2c.x86_64                                        4.3-7.fc39                           @fedora                
libibverbs.x86_64                                    46.0-4.fc39                          @fedora                
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.17-1.fc39                        @updates               
libical-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.17-1.fc39                        @updates               
libicu.x86_64                                        73.2-2.fc39                          @fedora                
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.7-1.fc39                         @updates               
libiec61883.x86_64                                   1.2.0-32.fc39                        @fedora                
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-41.fc39                       @fedora                
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-19.fc39                         @fedora                
libimagequant.x86_64                                 4.0.3-2.fc39                         @updates               
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.3.0^20230705git6fc41f5-1.fc39      @fedora                
libimobiledevice-glue.x86_64                         1.0.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-54.fc39                        @fedora                
libinput.x86_64                                      1.25.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
libipt.x86_64                                        2.0.6-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-15.fc39                        @fedora                
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.19.0^20230804git7577ec5-1.fc39     @fedora                
libisoburn.x86_64                                    1.5.6-5.fc39                         @updates               
libisofs.x86_64                                      1.5.6-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.2.1-1.fc39                         @updates               
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 2.1.4-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libjxl.x86_64                                        1:0.8.2-3.fc39                       @fedora                
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.4.0-7.fc39                         @fedora                
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.4.0-7.fc39                         @fedora                
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.4-2.fc39                         @fedora                
liblc3.x86_64                                        1.0.4-2.fc39                         @updates               
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-13.fc39                      @fedora                
libldb.x86_64                                        2.8.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                
liblerc.x86_64                                       4.0.0-4.fc39                         @fedora                
liblockfile.x86_64                                   1.17-6.fc39                          @fedora                
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.25.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-22.fc39                        @fedora                
libmanette.x86_64                                    0.2.7-1.fc39                         @updates               
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.9.1-1.fc39                         @updates               
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.28.4-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.28.4-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libmd.x86_64                                         1.1.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.6-4.fc39                         @fedora                
libmetalink.x86_64                                   0.1.3-32.fc39                        @fedora                
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-17.fc39                    @fedora                
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.15.0-5.fc39                        @fedora                
libmount.x86_64                                      2.39.3-6.fc39                        @updates               
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.3.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-27.fc39                        @fedora                
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.10.alpha.fc39               @fedora                
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.19-5.fc39                        @fedora                
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.2.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                
libndp.x86_64                                        1.8-6.fc39                           @fedora                
libnet.x86_64                                        1.3-1.fc39                           @updates               
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.9-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-24.fc39                        @fedora                
libnfs.x86_64                                        5.0.2-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.6.4-0.rc5.fc39                   @updates               
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.6-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.55.1-4.fc39                        @updates               
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.21-4.fc39                        @fedora                
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.9.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.9.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libnma.x86_64                                        1.10.6-5.fc39                        @updates               
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                   1.10.6-5.fc39                        @updates               
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.8.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.0-6.fc39                         @fedora                
libnvme.x86_64                                       1.6-2.fc39                           @fedora                
liboauth.x86_64                                      1.0.3-21.fc39                        @fedora                
liboeffis.x86_64                                     1.2.1-1.fc39                         @updates               
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-6.fc39                       @fedora                
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.6.12-1.fc39                        @updates               
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.11.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
libpaper.x86_64                                      1:2.1.1-1.fc39                       @fedora                
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.3-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-54.fc39                        @fedora                
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.4-2.fc39                     @fedora                
libpciaccess.i686                                    0.16-9.fc39                          @fedora                
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-9.fc39                          @fedora                
libpeas1.x86_64                                      1.36.0-2.fc39                        @updates               
libpeas1-gtk.x86_64                                  1.36.0-2.fc39                        @updates               
libpeas1-loader-python3.x86_64                       1.36.0-2.fc39                        @updates               
libphodav.x86_64                                     3.0-6.fc39                           @fedora                
libphonenumber.x86_64                                8.13.30-1.fc39                       @updates               
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.7-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    1.9.5-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libplacebo.x86_64                                    6.292.1-5.fc39                       @updates               
libplist.x86_64                                      2.3.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libpmem.x86_64                                       1.13.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.37-15.fc39                     @fedora                
libportal.x86_64                                     0.7.1-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                0.7.1-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                0.7.1-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libpostproc-free.x86_64                              6.1.1-3.fc39                         @updates               
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.5.3-3.fc39                         @updates               
libpskc.x86_64                                       2.6.9-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.2-4.fc39                        @fedora                
libptytty.x86_64                                     2.0-7.fc39                           @fedora                
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-6.fc39                         @fedora                
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.32.4-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.32.4-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.2.2-3.fc39                         @fedora                
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.13.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
librados2.x86_64                                     2:18.2.2-1.fc39                      @updates               
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.8.0-5.fc39                         @fedora                
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-18.fc39                        @fedora                
librbd1.x86_64                                       2:18.2.2-1.fc39                      @updates               
librdmacm.x86_64                                     46.0-4.fc39                          @fedora                
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-54.fc39                        @fedora                
librepo.x86_64                                       1.17.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.11-3.fc39                       @fedora                
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.11-3.fc39                       @fedora                
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.11-3.fc39                       @fedora                
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.11-3.fc39                       @fedora                
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.11-3.fc39                       @fedora                
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.11-3.fc39                       @fedora                
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.11-3.fc39                       @fedora                
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.11-3.fc39                       @fedora                
libreswan.x86_64                                     4.14-1.fc39                          @updates               
librist.x86_64                                       0.2.7-2.fc39                         @fedora                
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.57.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-5.fc39                         @fedora                
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.27-9.fc39                       @fedora                
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.23.12-2.fc39                       @updates               
libsbc.x86_64                                        2.0-3.fc39                           @fedora                
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.3-6.fc39                         @fedora                
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.21.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.5-5.fc39                           @fedora                
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.5-5.fc39                           @fedora                
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.5-4.fc39                           @fedora                
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.5-2.fc39                           @fedora                
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.10-3.fc39                        @updates               
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2023.8-1.fc39                        @updates               
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.6-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libshumate.x86_64                                    1.1.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.12.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
libsigsegv.x86_64                                    2.14-5.fc39                          @fedora                
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.7.0-4.fc39                         @fedora                
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.39.3-6.fc39                        @updates               
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.19.5-1.fc39                      @updates               
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.1.0-9.fc39                         @fedora                
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.18-15.fc39                       @updates               
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.28-1.fc39                        @updates               
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.74.3-3.fc39                        @fedora                
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.4.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.12-4.fc39                        @fedora                
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.3.0-12.fc39                        @fedora                
libss.x86_64                                         1.47.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libssh.x86_64                                        0.10.6-2.fc39                        @updates               
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.6-2.fc39                        @updates               
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.11.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
libstdc++.i686                                       13.2.1-7.fc39                        @updates               
libstdc++.x86_64                                     13.2.1-7.fc39                        @updates               
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               13.2.1-7.fc39                        @updates               
libstemmer.x86_64                                    2.2.0-7.fc39                         @fedora                
libswresample-free.x86_64                            6.1.1-3.fc39                         @updates               
libswscale-free.x86_64                               6.1.1-3.fc39                         @updates               
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.4.1-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.19.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.9-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libteam.x86_64                                       1.32-1.fc39                          @fedora                
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.15.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-6.fc39                        @fedora                
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-34.fc39                      @fedora                
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.4.0-8.fc39                         @fedora                
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                0.4.5.2-3.fc39                       @fedora                
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.4-1.rc3.fc39                     @updates               
libtool.x86_64                                       2.4.7-7.fc39                         @fedora                
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.7-7.fc39                         @fedora                
libtpms.x86_64                                       0.9.6-4.fc39                         @fedora                
libtraceevent.x86_64                                 1.7.2-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.6.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-6.fc39                         @fedora                
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.10.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.1-5.fc39                           @fedora                
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.7.0-0.2.rc2.fc39                   @fedora                
liburing.x86_64                                      2.5-1.fc39                           @updates               
libusal.x86_64                                       1.1.11-52.fc39                       @fedora                
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.27-1.fc39                        @updates               
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.0.2^20230620git8d30a55-3.fc39      @fedora                
libuser.x86_64                                       0.64-4.fc39                          @fedora                
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-10.fc39                        @fedora                
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.39.3-6.fc39                        @updates               
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.48.0-1.fc39                      @updates               
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.25.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
libva.x86_64                                         2.20.0-2.fc39                        @updates               
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-4.fc39                           @fedora                
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-6.fc39                         @fedora                
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-6.fc39                         @fedora                
libvirt-client.x86_64                                9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-common.x86_64                         9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64    9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64             9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-lock.x86_64                           9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-log.x86_64                            9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-plugin-lockd.x86_64                   9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-daemon-proxy.x86_64                          9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                               5.0.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  5.0.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                               5.0.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  9.7.0-3.fc39                         @updates               
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.1-2.fc39                       @fedora                
libvmaf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-6.fc39                         @fedora                
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.13-15.fc39                       @fedora                
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-8.fc39                       @fedora                
libvpl.x86_64                                        1:2.10.2-1.fc39                      @updates               
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.13.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.10.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.10.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.22.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.22.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.22.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.22.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.19.5-1.fc39                      @updates               
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.3.2-2.fc39                         @fedora                
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:2.11.5-1.fc39                      @updates               
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.13-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.0-6.fc39                          @updates               
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.7.1-14.fc39                        @fedora                
libxcb.i686                                          1.13.1-12.fc39                       @fedora                
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.13.1-12.fc39                       @fedora                
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.36-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.36-2.fc39                        @fedora                
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-4.fc39                         @fedora                
libxdg-basedir.x86_64                                1.2.0-31.fc39                        @fedora                
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.6.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.6.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-25.fc39                          @updates               
libxml++.x86_64                                      2.42.3-1.fc39                        @updates               
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.10.4-3.fc39                        @fedora                
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.15-1.fc39                        @updates               
libxshmfence.i686                                    1.3-13.fc39                          @fedora                
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3-13.fc39                          @fedora                
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.39-1.fc39                        @updates               
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-12.fc39                        @fedora                
libzip.x86_64                                        1.10.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
libzstd.i686                                         1.5.5-4.fc39                         @fedora                
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.5-4.fc39                         @fedora                
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.5-4.fc39                         @fedora                
lightdm.x86_64                                       1.32.0-7.fc39                        @updates               
lightdm-gobject.x86_64                               1.32.0-7.fc39                        @updates               
lightdm-gtk.x86_64                                   2.0.8-7.fc39                         @fedora                
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.20-1.fc39                       @fedora                
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-36.fc39                        @fedora                
linux-firmware.noarch                                20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
llvm-libs.i686                                       17.0.6-3.fc39                        @updates               
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     17.0.6-3.fc39                        @updates               
llvm15-libs.x86_64                                   15.0.7-4.fc39                        @fedora                
llvm16-libs.x86_64                                   16.0.6-5.fc39                        @fedora                
lm_sensors.x86_64                                    3.6.0-14.fc39                        @fedora                
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-14.fc39                        @fedora                
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.32-1.fc39                        @updates               
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.40.20111007git.fc39          @fedora                
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.21.0-4.fc39                        @fedora                
loupe.x86_64                                         45.3-1.fc39                          @updates               
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-8.fc39                           @fedora                
lpcnetfreedv.x86_64                                  0.5-3.fc39                           @fedora                
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-60.fc39                      @fedora                
lsb_release.noarch                                   3.2-2.fc39                           @updates               
lsof.x86_64                                          4.96.3-4.fc39                        @fedora                
ltrace.x86_64                                        0.7.91-48.fc39                       @fedora                
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.13.6-5.fc39                        @fedora                
lua-lgi.x86_64                                       0.9.2-17.fc39                        @fedora                
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.6-3.fc39                         @fedora                
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-13.fc39                            @updates               
lv2.x86_64                                           1.18.8-6.fc39                        @fedora                
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.23-1.fc39                       @updates               
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.23-1.fc39                       @updates               
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.4-4.fc39                         @fedora                
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-9.fc39                          @fedora                
lzop.x86_64                                          1.04-12.fc39                         @fedora                
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.19-6.fc39                        @fedora                
madan-fonts.noarch                                   2.000-36.fc39                        @fedora                
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.54-2.fc39                        @fedora                
make.x86_64                                          1:4.4.1-2.fc39                       @fedora                
malcontent.x86_64                                    0.11.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                
malcontent-control.x86_64                            0.11.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.11.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                            0.11.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                
man-db.x86_64                                        2.11.2-5.fc39                        @fedora                
man-pages.noarch                                     6.05-5.fc39                          @updates               
mbedtls.x86_64                                       2.28.7-1.fc39                        @updates               
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-7.fc39                         @fedora                
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-6.fc39                           @fedora                
mdevctl.x86_64                                       1.3.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.5-2.fc39                         @fedora                
mesa-demos.x86_64                                    9.0.0-3.fc39                         @fedora                
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              23.3.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
mesa-filesystem.i686                                 23.3.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               23.3.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   23.3.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    23.3.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.3-1.fc39                         @fedora                
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   23.3.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 23.3.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             23.3.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
mesa-va-drivers-freeworld.i686                       23.3.6-1.fc39                        @rpmfusion-free-updates
mesa-va-drivers-freeworld.x86_64                     23.3.6-1.fc39                        @rpmfusion-free-updates
mesa-vdpau-drivers-freeworld.i686                    23.3.6-1.fc39                        @rpmfusion-free-updates
mesa-vdpau-drivers-freeworld.x86_64                  23.3.6-1.fc39                        @rpmfusion-free-updates
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           23.3.6-1.fc39                        @updates               
metacity.x86_64                                      3.49.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-58.fc39                        @updates               
minicom.x86_64                                       2.8-4.fc39                           @fedora                
mkfontscale.x86_64                                   1.2.2-4.fc39                         @fedora                
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.18-1.fc39                        @fedora                
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20230416-2.fc39                      @fedora                
mock.noarch                                          5.5-1.fc39                           @updates               
mock-core-configs.noarch                             40.2-1.fc39                          @updates               
mock-filesystem.noarch                               5.5-1.fc39                           @updates               
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                     0.6-29.fc39                          @fedora                
mod_http2.x86_64                                     2.0.25-1.fc39                        @updates               
mod_lua.x86_64                                       2.4.58-1.fc39                        @updates               
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.6.0-7.fc39                       @fedora                
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-31.fc39                          @fedora                
mozjs115.x86_64                                      115.7.0-1.fc39                       @updates               
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-7.fc39                         @fedora                
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.2.0-3.fc39                         @fedora                
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.31.3-2.fc39                        @fedora                
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-6.fc39                         @fedora                
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.43-2.fc39                        @fedora                
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-9.fc39                        @updates               
mutter.x86_64                                        45.5-1.fc39                          @updates               
mutter-common.noarch                                 45.5-1.fc39                          @updates               
nano.x86_64                                          7.2-4.fc39                           @fedora                
nano-default-editor.noarch                           7.2-4.fc39                           @fedora                
nautilus.x86_64                                      45.2.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           45.2.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.4-7.20230520.fc39.1                @updates               
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.4-7.20230520.fc39.1                @updates               
ncurses-libs.i686                                    6.4-7.20230520.fc39.1                @updates               
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.4-7.20230520.fc39.1                @updates               
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    78-1.fc39                            @fedora                
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.9.4-5.fc39                       @updates               
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.67.20160912git.fc39            @fedora                
netavark.x86_64                                      1.10.3-1.fc39                        @updates               
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.02.00-2.fc39                      @fedora                
nettle.x86_64                                        3.9.1-2.fc39                         @fedora                
network-manager-applet.x86_64                        1.34.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
newt.x86_64                                          0.52.23-4.fc39                       @fedora                
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.6.4-0.rc5.fc39                   @updates               
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.7-3.fc39                       @fedora                
nilfs-utils.x86_64                                   2.2.9-4.fc39                         @fedora                
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.34.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
nmap.x86_64                                          3:7.94-1.fc39                        @updates               
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     3:7.94-1.fc39                        @updates               
npth.x86_64                                          1.6-14.fc39                          @fedora                
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-18.fc39                       @updates               
nss.x86_64                                           3.98.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.98.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.98.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.98.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
nss-tools.x86_64                                     3.98.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.98.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-3.fc39                   @fedora                
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-3.fc39                   @fedora                
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-14.fc39                          @fedora                
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-3.fc39                   @fedora                
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.16-3.fc39                        @fedora                
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-41.20150602git.fc39              @fedora                
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      2.6-1.fc39                           @updates               
nvtop.x86_64                                         3.0.2-2.fc39                         @fedora                
nxpwireless-firmware.noarch                          20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             8-2.fc39                             @fedora                
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.2-2.fc39                         @fedora                
oneVPL-intel-gpu.x86_64                              24.1.3-1.fc39                        @updates               
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.9-1.fc39                         @updates               
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-19.fc39                         @fedora                
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.3.5-1.fc39                        @updates               
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.3.5-1.fc39                        @updates               
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-14.fc39                            @fedora                
openbox.x86_64                                       3.6.1-24.fc39                        @fedora                
openbox-libs.x86_64                                  3.6.1-24.fc39                        @fedora                
openconnect.x86_64                                   9.12-2.fc39                          @fedora                
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-4.fc39                         @fedora                
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.1.10-2.fc39                        @fedora                
openh264.x86_64                                      2.4.0-2.fc39                         @fedora-cisco-openh264 
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.5.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.6-1.fc39                         @fedora                
openldap-clients.x86_64                              2.6.6-1.fc39                         @fedora                
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-32.fc39                      @fedora                
opensc.x86_64                                        0.25.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
openssh.x86_64                                       9.3p1-10.fc39                        @updates               
openssh-clients.x86_64                               9.3p1-10.fc39                        @updates               
openssh-server.x86_64                                9.3p1-10.fc39                        @updates               
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.1.1-4.fc39                       @fedora                
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.1.1-4.fc39                       @fedora                
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                0.4.12-4.fc39                        @fedora                
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.6.9-1.fc39                         @updates               
opus.x86_64                                          1.3.1-13.fc39                        @fedora                
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.33-3.fc39                        @fedora                
orca.noarch                                          45.2-1.fc39                          @updates               
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.81-4.fc39                          @fedora                
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20231215-1.fc39                      @updates               
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.11.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2024.4-1.fc39                        @updates               
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.25.3-1.fc39                        @updates               
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.25.3-1.fc39                        @updates               
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.25.3-1.fc39                        @updates               
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                     0.5-9.fc39                           @fedora                
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-8.fc39                           @fedora                
pam.x86_64                                           1.5.3-3.fc39                         @updates               
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.3-3.fc39                         @updates               
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.3-2.fc39                         @fedora                
pango.x86_64                                         1.51.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.4-1.fc39                        @updates               
par2cmdline.x86_64                                   0.8.1-9.fc39                         @fedora                
parted.x86_64                                        3.6-2.fc39                           @fedora                
passt.x86_64                                         0^20240220.g1e6f92b-1.fc39           @updates               
passt-selinux.noarch                                 0^20240220.g1e6f92b-1.fc39           @updates               
passwd.x86_64                                        0.80-15.fc39                         @fedora                
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.3-2.fc39                         @fedora                
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.3-2.fc39                         @fedora                
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-22.fc39                        @fedora                
patchutils.x86_64                                    0.4.2-11.fc39                        @fedora                
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-12.fc39                          @fedora                
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.11.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.11.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc39.4                        @fedora                
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.42-1.fc39.2                       @fedora                
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.42-1.fc39.2                       @fedora                
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.42-1.fc39.2                       @fedora                
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.42-1.fc39.2                       @fedora                
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     2.0.1-1.fc39                         @updates               
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.5.5-1.fc39                         @updates               
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                2.0.1-1.fc39                         @updates               
perf.x86_64                                          6.7.9-200.fc39                       @updates               
perl-AnyEvent.x86_64                                 7.17-16.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-AnyEvent-I3.noarch                              0.17-21.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                              1.68-12.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.88-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-CGI.noarch                                      4.59-1.fc39                          @updates               
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.54-500.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.68-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-Clone.x86_64                                    0.46-4.fc39                          @fedora                
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.206-1.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.206-1.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.188-501.fc39                       @fedora                
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-500.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.58-500.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.54-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.19-500.fc39                      @fedora                
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-27.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.37-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-13.fc39                    @fedora                
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.77-500.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.15-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.86-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-File-Compare.noarch                             1.100.700-502.fc39                   @updates               
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.41-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.43-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.16-1.fc39                          @fedora                
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-500.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-File-Slurp.noarch                               9999.32-11.fc39                      @fedora                
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                             0.014-3.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-500.fc39                 @fedora                
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.13-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.05-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.64-501.fc39                      @fedora                
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.54-500.fc39                      @fedora                
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.44.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
perl-Guard.x86_64                                    1.023-28.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.81-3.fc39                          @fedora                
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.20-54.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.06-2.fc39                          @fedora                
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.44-3.fc39                          @fedora                
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.088-3.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                            0.22-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.52-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.206-1.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-IO-Compress-Brotli.x86_64                       0.004001-10.fc39                     @fedora                
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.004-11.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.42-1.fc39                          @fedora                
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.083-3.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                  1:4.03-11.fc39                       @fedora                
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.04-15.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-500.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20230801-1.fc39                      @fedora                
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.16-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-Net-FTP-AutoReconnect.noarch                    0.3-40.fc39                          @fedora                
perl-Net-FTP-RetrHandle.noarch                       0.2-39.fc39                          @fedora                
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.92-10.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    2.13-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.89-500.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                       0.010-4.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-500.fc39                      @fedora                
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-501.fc39                     @fedora                
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.45-4.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-500.fc39                      @fedora                
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.63-500.fc39                      @fedora                
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.037-3.fc39                       @fedora                
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.32-500.fc39                      @fedora                
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                               0.36-501.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-Task-Weaken.noarch                              1.06-17.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-501.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.18-500.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-18.fc39                         @fedora                
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-500.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2023.0511-3.fc39                     @fedora                
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                             3.14-500.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9775-500.fc39                    @fedora                
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.350-3.fc39                       @fedora                
perl-Time-ParseDate.noarch                           2015.103-25.fc39                     @updates               
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.33-11.fc39                       @fedora                
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                         1.01-9.fc39                          @fedora                
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.21-1.fc39                          @fedora                
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                        1.32-500.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-common-sense.x86_64                             3.7.5-15.fc39                        @updates               
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-501.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:3.00-500.fc39                      @fedora                
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-502.fc39                    @updates               
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.38.2-502.fc39                    @updates               
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.15-501.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.38.2-502.fc39                    @updates               
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.10-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.28-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-open.noarch                                     1.13-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.37-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.241-500.fc39                     @fedora                
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:5.01-500.fc39                      @fedora                
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-51.fc39                            @fedora                
perl-threads.x86_64                                  1:2.36-500.fc39                      @fedora                
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                           1.68-500.fc39                        @fedora                
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-502.fc39                        @updates               
perl-version.x86_64                                  8:0.99.30-1.fc39                     @fedora                
pigz.x86_64                                          2.8-2.fc39                           @fedora                
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.2.1-4.fc39                         @fedora                
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.2.1-4.fc39                         @fedora                
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.13-4.fc39                        @fedora                
pipewire.x86_64                                      1.0.4-2.fc39                         @updates               
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 1.0.4-2.fc39                         @updates               
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            1.0.4-2.fc39                         @updates               
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 1.0.4-2.fc39                         @updates               
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-2.fc39                         @updates               
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                1.0.4-2.fc39                         @updates               
pixman.x86_64                                        0.42.2-2.fc39                        @fedora                
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.29.0-4.fc39                        @fedora                
pkgconf.x86_64                                       1.9.5-2.fc39                         @fedora                
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    1.9.5-2.fc39                         @fedora                
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            1.9.5-2.fc39                         @fedora                
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.22-1.fc39                        @updates               
plymouth.x86_64                                      22.02.122-5.fc39                     @fedora                
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            22.02.122-5.fc39                     @fedora                
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        22.02.122-5.fc39                     @fedora                
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         22.02.122-5.fc39                     @fedora                
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      22.02.122-5.fc39                     @fedora                
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              22.02.122-5.fc39                     @fedora                
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         22.02.122-5.fc39                     @fedora                
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        22.02.122-5.fc39                     @fedora                
podman.x86_64                                        5:4.9.3-1.fc39                       @updates               
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.5-8.fc39                           @updates               
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.5-8.fc39                           @updates               
polkit.x86_64                                        123-1.fc39.1                         @updates               
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   123-1.fc39.1                         @updates               
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-26.fc39                          @fedora                
poppler.x86_64                                       23.08.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-5.fc39                        @fedora                
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  23.08.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                
popt.x86_64                                          1.19-3.fc39                          @fedora                
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                         0.20-1.fc39                          @updates               
ppp.x86_64                                           2.5.0-3.fc39                         @fedora                
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-17.fc39                       @fedora                
procps-ng.x86_64                                     4.0.3-5.fc39                         @updates               
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.19.6-6.fc39                        @fedora                
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.4.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-19.fc39                        @fedora                
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.6-4.fc39                          @fedora                
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20240107-1.fc39                      @updates               
pugixml.x86_64                                       1.13-3.fc39                          @fedora                
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               16.1-5.fc39                          @fedora                
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         16.1-5.fc39                          @fedora                
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              16.1-5.fc39                          @fedora                
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                         1.12.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              23.2.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.12-4.fc39                          @fedora                
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                            235-5.fc39                           @fedora                
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.12.2-2.fc39                        @updates               
python3.x86_64                                       3.12.2-2.fc39                        @updates               
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           2.0.0-12.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-audit.x86_64                                 3.1.2-8.fc39                         @updates               
python3-babel.noarch                                 2.12.1-6.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-backoff.noarch                               2.2.1-4.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.8.2-1.fc39                       @updates               
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              3.1.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.8.5-9.fc39                         @updates               
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.10-1.fc39                          @updates               
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.25.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.15.1-6.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    3.2.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.7-4.fc39                           @fedora                
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-10.fc39                      @fedora                
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.2-4.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-decorator.noarch                             5.1.1-7.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-defusedxml.noarch                            0.7.1-9.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-distro.noarch                                1.8.0-6.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.19.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.5.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.44-5.fc39                          @fedora                
python3-firewall.noarch                              2.0.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.46.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.46.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                   3.46.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                1.7.3-6.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.73.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.4-4.fc39                           @fedora                
python3-jinja2.noarch                                3.1.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.48-3.fc39                          @fedora                
python3-koji.noarch                                  1.34.0-2.fc39                        @updates               
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.65-1.fc39                        @updates               
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.20-1.fc39                        @updates               
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.73.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.11-3.fc39                       @fedora                
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.2-2.fc39                        @updates               
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.5-5.fc39                           @fedora                
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.5-4.fc39                           @fedora                
python3-libvirt.x86_64                               9.7.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-libxml2.x86_64                               2.10.4-3.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.25.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            2.1.3-2.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.51-3.fc39                          @fedora                
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.51-3.fc39                          @fedora                
python3-newt.x86_64                                  0.52.23-4.fc39                       @fedora                
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.7-3.fc39                       @fedora                
python3-packaging.noarch                             23.1-4.fc39                          @fedora                
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.8.0-17.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-18.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-20.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.5-8.fc39                           @updates               
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.38-1.fc39                          @updates               
python3-progressbar2.noarch                          3.53.2-9.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.7.0-5.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.5-6.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-11.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                1.14.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.13.0-3.fc39                      @fedora                
python3-pyroute2.noarch                              0.7.3-3.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-20.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.24.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-9.fc39                          @fedora                
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0.1-11.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-requests.noarch                              2.28.2-5.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-requests-file.noarch                         1.5.1-10.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-29.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-requests-gssapi.noarch                       1.2.3-9.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.19.1.1-1.fc39                      @updates               
python3-rpmautospec.noarch                           0.6.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
python3-rpmautospec-core.noarch                      0.1.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
python3-satyr.x86_64                                 0.42-4.fc39                          @fedora                
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.4.3-1.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-setuptools.noarch                            67.7.2-7.fc39                        @fedora                
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-8.fc39                         @fedora                
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-12.fc39                       @fedora                
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.11.5-2.fc39                        @updates               
python3-systemd.x86_64                               235-5.fc39                           @fedora                
python3-templated-dictionary.noarch                  1.4-1.fc39                           @updates               
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.19.1-4.fc39                        @updates               
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.18-1.fc39                       @updates               
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                         1.26.18-1.fc39                       @updates               
python3-utils.noarch                                 3.3.3-4.fc39                         @fedora                
qadwaitadecorations-qt5.x86_64                       0.1.4-2.fc39                         @updates               
qca-qt5.x86_64                                       2.3.6-2.fc39                         @fedora                
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                                  2.3.6-2.fc39                         @fedora                
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                               2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-audio-dbus.x86_64                               2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                               2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                 2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-audio-pipewire.x86_64                           2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                              2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-block-blkio.x86_64                              2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                               2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                            2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                              2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                               2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-common.x86_64                                   2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                       2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64            2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-ccw.x86_64            2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64             2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64            2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64         2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64             2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                          2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                      2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                     2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-img.x86_64                                      2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                               2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                          2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                          2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                   2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                   2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                             2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                            2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static.x86_64                              2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                      2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                        2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                          2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                         2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                      2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                         2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-loongarch64.x86_64                  2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                         2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                   2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                         2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                        2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                         2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                          2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                        2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                        2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                          2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                        2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                          2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                       2:8.1.3-4.fc39                       @updates               
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                
qt-settings.noarch                                   39.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.12-5.fc39                       @updates               
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.12-5.fc39                       @updates               
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.12-5.fc39                       @updates               
qt5-qtcharts.x86_64                                  5.15.12-1.fc39                       @updates               
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.12-1.fc39                       @updates               
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                        5.15.12-1.fc39                       @updates               
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                          5.15.12-1.fc39                       @updates               
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.12-1.fc39                       @updates               
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                            5.15.12-1.fc39                       @updates               
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.12-2.fc39                       @updates               
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.12-1.fc39                       @updates               
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.12-1.fc39                       @updates               
qt6-srpm-macros.noarch                               6.6.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
quazip-qt5.x86_64                                    1.4-5.fc39                           @fedora                
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.09-3.fc39                        @fedora                
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.09-3.fc39                        @fedora                
ratpoison.x86_64                                     1.4.9-23.fc39                        @fedora                
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.7.1-1.fc39                         @updates               
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-6.fc39                           @updates               
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-24.fc39                       @fedora                
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             266-1.fc39                           @updates               
rest.x86_64                                          0.9.1-7.fc39                         @fedora                
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.5.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
rit-rachana-fonts.noarch                             1.4.7-2.fc39                         @updates               
rlwrap.x86_64                                        0.46.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-34.fc39                          @fedora                
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.6-4.rc3.fc39                     @updates               
rpm.x86_64                                           4.19.1.1-1.fc39                      @updates               
rpm-build.x86_64                                     4.19.1.1-1.fc39                      @updates               
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.19.1.1-1.fc39                      @updates               
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.19.1.1-1.fc39                      @updates               
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.19.1.1-1.fc39                      @updates               
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.19.1.1-1.fc39                      @updates               
rpm-sequoia.x86_64                                   1.6.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.19.1.1-1.fc39                      @updates               
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                        0.6.3-1.fc39                         @updates               
rpmdevtools.noarch                                   9.6-4.fc39                           @fedora                
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                        39-1                                 @@commandline          
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                     39-1                                 @@commandline          
rrdtool.x86_64                                       1.8.0-12.fc39                        @fedora                
rsvg-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            2.57.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
rsync.x86_64                                         3.2.7-5.fc39                         @fedora                
rsync-bpc.x86_64                                     3.1.3.0-8.fc39                       @fedora                
rsyslog.x86_64                                       8.2310.0-1.fc39                      @updates               
rsyslog-logrotate.x86_64                             8.2310.0-1.fc39                      @updates               
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-61.fc39                         @updates               
rubberband.x86_64                                    3.3.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              26.2-1.fc39                          @updates               
rxvt-unicode.x86_64                                  9.31-4.fc39                          @fedora                
rygel.x86_64                                         0.42.5-1.fc39                        @updates               
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.19.5-1.fc39                      @updates               
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.19.5-1.fc39                      @updates               
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.19.5-1.fc39                      @updates               
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.19.5-1.fc39                      @updates               
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.27-9.fc39                       @fedora                
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.2.1-4.fc39                         @fedora                
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.2.1-4.fc39                         @fedora                
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.2.1-4.fc39                         @fedora                
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.2.1-4.fc39                         @fedora                
satyr.x86_64                                         0.42-4.fc39                          @fedora                
screen.x86_64                                        4.9.0-6.fc39                         @fedora                
sdbus-cpp.x86_64                                     1.2.0-4.fc39                         @fedora                
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.16.3-1.fc39                        @updates               
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.16.3-1.fc39                        @updates               
sed.x86_64                                           4.8-14.fc39                          @fedora                
selinux-policy.noarch                                39.5-1.fc39                          @updates               
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       39.5-1.fc39                          @updates               
serd.x86_64                                          0.30.16-2.fc39                       @fedora                
setroubleshoot.x86_64                                3.3.33-1.fc39                        @updates               
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                        3.3.14-8.fc39                        @fedora                
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                         3.3.33-1.fc39                        @updates               
setserial.x86_64                                     2.17-58.fc39                         @fedora                
setup.noarch                                         2.14.4-1.fc39                        @fedora                
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.4-2.fc39                         @fedora                
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.14.0-2.fc39                      @updates               
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                            2:4.14.0-2.fc39                      @updates               
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.2-4.fc39                           @fedora                
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.8-3                               @updates               
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-4.fc39                         @fedora                
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-9.fc39                         @fedora                
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-13.fc39                        @fedora                
simple-scan.x86_64                                   44.0-2.fc39                          @fedora                
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.3-4.fc39                         @updates               
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   1.2.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
smartmontools.x86_64                                 1:7.4-2.fc39                         @updates               
smartmontools-selinux.noarch                         1:7.4-2.fc39                         @updates               
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.10-2.fc39                        @fedora                
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.14-2.fc39                       @fedora                
sos.noarch                                           4.6.1-1.fc39                         @updates               
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-20.fc39                          @fedora                
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-19.fc39                        @fedora                
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-14.fc39                        @fedora                
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.11.5-2.fc39                        @updates               
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.11.5-2.fc39                        @updates               
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-15.fc39                        @fedora                
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.42-3.fc39                          @fedora                
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.42-3.fc39                          @fedora                
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.15.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.22.1-4.fc39                        @fedora                
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                 3.0-6.fc39                           @fedora                
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2023.3-3.fc39                        @updates               
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.42.0-7.fc39                        @fedora                
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.42.0-7.fc39                        @fedora                
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.14-2.fc39                        @fedora                
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.3-1.fc39                         @fedora                
sshpass.x86_64                                       1.09-6.fc39                          @fedora                
sssd.x86_64                                          2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.9.4-1.fc39                         @updates               
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-26.fc39                         @fedora                
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-4.fc39                      @fedora                
stoken-libs.x86_64                                   0.92-9.fc39                          @fedora                
strace.x86_64                                        6.6-1.fc39                           @updates               
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.3-1.fc39                        @updates               
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.3-1.fc39                        @updates               
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.15-1.p5.fc39                     @updates               
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.15-1.p5.fc39                     @updates               
sushi.x86_64                                         45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  1.4.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.6-4.fc39                           @fedora                
swtpm.x86_64                                         0.8.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                    0.8.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
swtpm-selinux.noarch                                 0.8.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                   0.8.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-9.fc39                           @fedora                
system-config-language.noarch                        3.5.0-12.fc39                        @updates               
systemd.x86_64                                       254.10-1.fc39                        @updates               
systemd-container.x86_64                             254.10-1.fc39                        @updates               
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  254.10-1.fc39                        @updates               
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              254.10-1.fc39                        @updates               
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         254.10-1.fc39                        @updates               
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   254.10-1.fc39                        @updates               
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              254.10-1.fc39                        @updates               
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                            254.10-1.fc39                        @updates               
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  254.10-1.fc39                        @updates               
systemtap.x86_64                                     5.1~pre17062192g5fd8daba-1.fc39      @updates               
systemtap-client.x86_64                              5.1~pre17062192g5fd8daba-1.fc39      @updates               
systemtap-devel.x86_64                               5.1~pre17062192g5fd8daba-1.fc39      @updates               
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                             5.1~pre17062192g5fd8daba-1.fc39      @updates               
taglib.x86_64                                        1.12-9.fc39                          @fedora                
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.35-2.fc39                        @fedora                
tbb.x86_64                                           2020.3-20.fc39                       @fedora                
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.12-5.fc39                      @fedora                
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.4-3.fc39                     @updates               
teamd.x86_64                                         1.32-1.fc39                          @fedora                
tecla.x86_64                                         45.0-1.fc39                          @fedora                
tesseract.x86_64                                     5.3.2-3.fc39                         @fedora                
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-6.fc39                         @fedora                
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-6.fc39                         @fedora                
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   11:20230311-77.fc39                  @fedora                
thrift.x86_64                                        0.15.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
tigervnc.x86_64                                      1.13.1-11.fc39                       @updates               
tigervnc-icons.noarch                                1.13.1-11.fc39                       @updates               
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.13.1-11.fc39                       @updates               
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.13.1-11.fc39                       @updates               
time.x86_64                                          1.9-23.fc39                          @updates               
tiwilink-firmware.noarch                             20240312-1.fc39                      @updates               
totem.x86_64                                         1:43.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.6-7.fc39                        @fedora                
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                       1:43.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.5-4.fc39                           @fedora                
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      4.0.1-6.fc39                         @updates               
tpm2-tss-fapi.x86_64                                 4.0.1-6.fc39                         @updates               
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.5-1.fc39                       @updates               
tracker.x86_64                                       3.6.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                
tracker-miners.x86_64                                3.6.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
tree.x86_64                                          2.1.0-4.fc39                         @fedora                
trousers.x86_64                                      0.3.15-9.fc39                        @fedora                
trousers-lib.x86_64                                  0.3.15-9.fc39                        @fedora                
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-3.fc39                         @fedora                
tzdata.noarch                                        2024a-2.fc39                         @updates               
uchardet.x86_64                                      0.0.8-4.fc39                         @fedora                
udftools.x86_64                                      2.3-7.fc39                           @fedora                
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.10.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.19.1-4.fc39                        @updates               
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.19.1-4.fc39                        @updates               
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-62.fc39                          @fedora                
upower.x86_64                                        1.90.2-3.fc39                        @fedora                
upower-libs.x86_64                                   1.90.2-3.fc39                        @fedora                
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-18.fc39                     @fedora                
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-18.fc39                     @fedora                
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-18.fc39                     @fedora                
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-18.fc39                     @fedora                
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-18.fc39                     @fedora                
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-18.fc39                     @fedora                
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-18.fc39                     @fedora                
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-18.fc39                     @fedora                
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-18.fc39                     @fedora                
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-18.fc39                     @fedora                
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-18.fc39                     @fedora                
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-18.fc39                     @fedora                
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.1-7.fc39                         @fedora                
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-9.fc39                      @fedora                
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.1^20230720git61b99ab-1.fc39      @fedora                
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.13.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
usbutils.x86_64                                      017-1.fc39                           @updates               
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-8.fc39                         @fedora                
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.14.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.7.0-5.fc39                         @fedora                
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.39.3-6.fc39                        @updates               
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.39.3-6.fc39                        @updates               
valgrind.x86_64                                      1:3.22.0-4.fc39                      @updates               
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.9.0-8.fc39                         @fedora                
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              63-2.fc39                            @fedora                
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-4.fc39                        @fedora                
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.1-1.fc39                         @fedora                
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.1.181-1.fc39                     @updates               
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.1.181-1.fc39                     @updates               
virglrenderer.x86_64                                 0.10.4-4.20230104git88b9fe3b.fc39    @updates               
virt-install.noarch                                  4.1.0-3.fc39                         @fedora                
virt-manager.noarch                                  4.1.0-3.fc39                         @fedora                
virt-manager-common.noarch                           4.1.0-3.fc39                         @fedora                
virt-viewer.x86_64                                   11.0-7.fc39                          @fedora                
virtiofsd.x86_64                                     1.10.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    7.0.14-1.fc39                        @updates               
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-19.fc39                        @fedora                
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-20.fc39                       @fedora                
vpnc.x86_64                                          0.5.3-46.svn550.fc39                 @fedora                
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20230907-1.git5b9e7e4c.fc39          @fedora                
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.74.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
vte291.x86_64                                        0.74.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.275.0-1.fc39                     @updates               
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                  1.3.275.0-1.fc39                     @updates               
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.6.0-4.fc39                         @fedora                
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-20.fc39                            @fedora                
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                 2.44.0-2.fc39                        @updates               
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                  2.44.0-2.fc39                        @updates               
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.2.7-1.fc39                         @updates               
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       0.3.1-11.fc39                        @fedora                
wget.x86_64                                          1.21.4-1.fc39                        @updates               
which.x86_64                                         2.21-40.fc39                         @fedora                
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.18-1.fc39                        @fedora                
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.18-1.fc39                        @fedora                
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2023.05.03-2.fc39                    @fedora                
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.4.17-1.fc39                        @updates               
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.4.17-1.fc39                        @updates               
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-18.fc39                        @fedora                
words.noarch                                         3.0-44.fc39                          @fedora                
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.10-9.fc39                        @updates               
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                              1.4.23-1.fc39                        @fedora                
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.4-3.fc39                         @fedora                
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.1-3.fc39                         @fedora                
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.10-3.fc39                        @fedora                
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.2-3.fc39                         @fedora                
xcb-util-xrm.x86_64                                  1.3-12.fc39                          @fedora                
xdelta.x86_64                                        3.1.0-17.fc39                        @fedora                
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.5-1.fc39                         @fedora                
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.18.2-1.fc39                        @updates               
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                      45.1-1.fc39                          @updates               
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.15.1-1.fc39                        @updates               
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.18-3.fc39                          @fedora                
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.11-3.fc39                          @fedora                
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.1.3-15.fc39                        @fedora                
xen-libs.x86_64                                      4.17.2-7.fc39                        @updates               
xen-licenses.x86_64                                  4.17.2-7.fc39                        @updates               
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      6.4.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.9-4.fc39                         @fedora                
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.6-6.fc39                         @fedora                
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.40-1.fc39                          @updates               
xl2tpd.x86_64                                        1.3.17-3.fc39                        @fedora                
xmessage.x86_64                                      1.0.6-3.fc39                         @fedora                
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-61.fc39                        @fedora                
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.51.08-3.fc39                       @fedora                
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.51.08-3.fc39                       @fedora                
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1:1.2.37-5.fc39                      @fedora                
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1:1.2.37-5.fc39                      @fedora                
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.11-4.fc39                        @fedora                
xmonad-basic.x86_64                                  0.17.2-1.fc39                        @fedora                
xmonad-core.x86_64                                   0.17.2-1.fc39                        @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                           23.0.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                              19.1.0-10.fc39                       @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.10.6-14.fc39                       @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                            0.5.0-13.fc39                        @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                            2.99.917-56.20210115.fc39            @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         1.4.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                          1:1.0.17-6.fc39                      @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                       0.6.400-6.20210215git5dbad06.fc39    @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                              0.1.6-2.fc39                         @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                             2.5.0-6.fc39                         @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.4.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            1.2.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             1.2.0-2.fc39                         @fedora                
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                           7.5-36.fc39                          @fedora                
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.14-30.fc39                      @updates               
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      23.2.4-1.fc39                        @updates               
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.14-30.fc39                      @updates               
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.2-4.fc39                       @fedora                
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.2-1.fc39                         @updates               
xorriso.x86_64                                       1.5.6-5.fc39                         @updates               
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.5-4.fc39                         @fedora                
xrandr.x86_64                                        1.5.2-3.fc39                         @fedora                
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.2-1.fc39                         @fedora                
xss-lock.x86_64                                      0.3.0^20140302git1e158fb20108-2.fc39 @updates               
xterm.x86_64                                         385-1.fc39                           @updates               
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-10.fc39                        @fedora                
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.2-1.fc39                         @fedora                
xz.x86_64                                            5.4.4-1.fc39                         @fedora                
xz-devel.x86_64                                      5.4.4-1.fc39                         @fedora                
xz-libs.x86_64                                       5.4.4-1.fc39                         @fedora                
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-22.fc39                        @fedora                
yelp.x86_64                                          2:42.2-4.fc39                        @fedora                
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:42.2-4.fc39                        @fedora                
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      42.1-3.fc39                          @fedora                
yum.noarch                                           4.19.0-1.fc39                        @updates               
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.0-1.fc39                         @updates               
zenity.x86_64                                        4.0.1-1.fc39                         @updates               
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.4-8.fc39                         @fedora                
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                      0.7.2.2-29.fc39                      @fedora                
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.5-1.fc39                         @updates               
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-39.fc39                          @fedora                
zisofs-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.8-31.fc39                        @fedora                
zlib.i686                                            1.2.13-4.fc39                        @fedora                
zlib.x86_64                                          1.2.13-4.fc39                        @fedora                
zlib-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.13-4.fc39                        @fedora                
zsh.x86_64                                           5.9-9.fc39                           @updates               
zstd.x86_64                                          1.5.5-4.fc39                         @fedora                
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.35-21.fc39                       @fedora                
